cmd: add parameters for configuration of WebDAV remotes (#1617)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md

</details>

<details>

### Click for WebDAV

- `url` - remote location URL.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote \
        url webdavs://example.com/public.php/webdav
  ```

  > Note that the location of the WebDAV API endpoint `/public.php/webdav` might
  > be different for your server.

  If your remote is located in a subfolder of your WebDAV server e.g.
  `/path/to/dir`, this may be appended to the general `url`:

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote \
        url webdavs://example.com/public.php/webdav/path/to/dir
  ```

- `token` - token for WebDAV server, can be empty in case of using
  `user/password` authentication.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote token 'mytoken'
  ```

- `user` - username for WebDAV server, can be empty in case of using `token`
  authentication.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote user myuser
  ```

  The order in which DVC searches for username is:

>   1. `user` specified in one of the DVC configs;
>   2. `user` specified in the url (e.g. `webdav://user@example.com/path`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. `user` parameter set with this command (found in `.dvc/config`);
  2. User defined in the URL (e.g. `webdav://user@example.com/path`)
```

- `password` - password for WebDAV server, can be empty in case of using `token`
  authentication.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote password mypassword
  ```

> The username, password, and token (may) contain sensitive user info.
> Therefore, it's safer to add them with the `--local` option, so they're
> written to a Git-ignored config file.

> Note that `user/password` and `token` authentication are incompatible. You
> should authenticate against yout WebDAV remote by either `user/password` or
> `token`.

> - `ask_password` - ask each time for the password to use for `user/password`
>   authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ask_password` - ask each time for the password to use for `user/password`
  authentication. This has no effect if `password` or `token` are set.
```

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote ask_password true
  ```

>   > Note that the `password` parameter takes precedence over `ask_password`. If
>   > `password` is specified, DVC will not prompt the user to enter a password
>   > for this remote.
> 
>   > Note that `token` authentication does not require a `password`. If `token`
>   > is specified, `ask_password` is ignored and DVC will not prompt the user to
>   > enter a password for this remote.
> 

Reviewer: Oh I see you also fixed it here with a longer explanation. Thanks! I'm going to keep my minimal one but this was great. Thanks again
```suggestion
```

</details>

<details>

### Click for WebDAV

- `token` - token for WebDAV server, can be empty in case of using

>   `user/password` authentication.

Reviewer: Missing example?

Author: Yes, just added it.

Reviewer: Thanks.

- `user` - username for WebDAV server, can be empty in case of using `token`
  authentication. The order in which DVC searches for username:

  1. `user` specified in one of the DVC configs;

>   2. `user` specified in the url(e.g. `webdav://user@example.com/path`);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. `user` specified in the url (e.g. `webdav://user@example.com/path`)
```

</details>

<details>

### Click for WebDAV

- `token` - token for WebDAV server, can be empty in case of using
  `user/password` authentication.

  ```dvc

>   $ dvc remote modify --local myremote token mytoken

Reviewer: Does it need quotes like other string params? I.e.:
```suggestion
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote token "mytoken"
```

Author: I don't know, thought it to be more like a variant of `user`, which has no quotes? But adding quotes should probably be fine. Are there guidelines what parameters are considered as strings/numerics/... and what formatting to apply to each?

Reviewer: I think it's more of a command line parser thing. All strings can be wrapped with `"` but if they have special chars or spaces then you definitely need to wrap them. And in fact `'` may be better... Idk. I'll just commit this!

Reviewer: Actually, have you tried this? I assume you tested all the WebDAV params so you can probably tell or double check whether quotes are needed.

Reviewer: Or if you can rec a quick WebDAV server software to install and test locally, please share 🙂

Author: Ok, I think you are right, it is better to wrap this in `'`. There seems to be no standard defining the content and structure of tokens for WebDAV (at least it should be some kind of string). What I can tell for the service I am using (it is basically an onwcloud): it supports OAuth 2.0, probably bearer tokens, which might already contain some basic punctuation characters.

Reviewer: Thanks for the tip. Resolving

Reviewer 2: > Or if you can rec a quick WebDAV server software to install and run locally for testing, please share slightly_smiling_face

Check this link: https://doc.owncloud.com/server/admin_manual/installation/docker/#docker-compose-yaml-file

Copy-paste that into a `docker-compose.yml` file and then `docker-compose up`.

  ```

- `user` - username for WebDAV server, can be empty in case of using `token`

>   authentication. The order in which DVC searches for username:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  authentication. The order in which DVC searches for username is:
```

>   1. `user` specified in one of the DVC configs;

Reviewer: What do we mean by "DVC configs" here?

Reviewer: This whole order explanation could probably be after the example.

Author: I don't know, took this from the `HTTP` section as it behaves the same. Probably it means one of the config files at _system_, _global_, _project_ or _local_ level?

Should this be made more clear? At least `HTTP` and `SSH` have similar sections. Is there already an explanation on configs somewhere which could be linked? Or is it enough here to note that explicit `user` config takes precedence over `user` extracted from `url`?

Reviewer: Ah yeah thanks for mentioning that! Those need to be rewritten for sure. I did all the changes for the current text in c9df0b1b. We can follow that lead here 🙂

  2. `user` specified in the url (e.g. `webdav://user@example.com/path`)

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote user myuser
  ```

- `password` - password for WebDAV server, can be empty in case of using `token`
  authentication.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote password mypassword
  ```

> > The username, password and token (may) contain sensitive user info. Therefore,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The username, password, and token (may) contain sensitive user info. Therefore,
```

> > The username, password and token (may) contain sensitive user info. Therefore,
> > it's safer to add them with the `--local` option, so they're written to a
> > Git-ignored config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The username, password, and token (may) contain sensitive user info.
> Therefore, it's safer to add them with the `--local` option, so they're
> written to a Git-ignored config file.
```

> - `ask_password` - ask each time for the password to use for `user/password`
>   authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ask_password` - ask each time for the password to use for `user`
  authentication.
```
Does this imply `password` is not needed and would have no effect when this is set?

Author: If `password` is set, it takes precedence. I think I have copied the explanation on this from `HTTP`? If not it should be added.

What is probably missing is the relation of this option to the `token` option: If `token` is set, `ask_password` does also have no effect. It should probably be mentioned in general that `user/password` and `token` are incompatible. I will add this soon.

Reviewer: OK don't worry about HTTP, maybe it's incomplete. Please add any missing info for WebDAV's `ask_password` above, as you've explained.

Reviewer: I updated this. Resolving

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote ask_password true
  ```

  > Note that the `password` parameter takes precedence over `ask_password`. If
  > `password` is specified, DVC will not prompt the user to enter a password
  > for this remote.

- `cert_path` - path to certificate used for WebDAV server authentication.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote cert_path /path/to/cert
  ```

- `key_path` - path to private key to use to access a remote.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote key_path /path/to/key

>   ```

Reviewer: Are these alternatives to `token` and to `user/password` auth?

Author: No, according to the WebDAV client documentation (and that is also what I can infer from the implementation), these are additional parameters. But they are optional parameters, probably we should give this information.

Reviewer: No need to say they're optional. Most parameters except what's shown in the `remote add` reference are assumed to be optional. But ideally we should briefly explain what these are for, or link to some WebDAV documentation.

Author: I have added some explanation, is it enough? I don't know what I could link to, these are not really WebDAV specific options - they are just passed to the underlying [`requests`](https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/master/) API.

WebDAV seems to be the only remote having such options, even though `HTTP` is also based on `requests` it does not expose these option?

Reviewer: Yep, that was more than enough. Thanks @iksnagreb!

Reviewer: > WebDAV seems to be the only remote having such options, even though HTTP is also based on requests it does not expose these option?

Good question. TBH Idk but maybe @efiop, who I always pick on for these questions 😬, does.

> - `timeout` - connection timeout to use for WebDAV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `timeout` - connection timeout for WebDAV server.
```

> - `timeout` - connection timeout for WebDAV server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `timeout` - connection timeout (in seconds) for WebDAV server.
```

> - `timeout` - connection timeout (in seconds) for WebDAV server (default: 30 seconds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `timeout` - connection timeout (in seconds) for WebDAV server (default: 30).
```

  ```dvc

>   $ dvc remote modify myremote timeout timeoutseconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ dvc remote modify myremote timeout 120
```

and maybe mention above what the default value is.

Reviewer: And say (in seconds) in the description.

</details>

<details>

### Click for WebDAV

- `url` - remote location URL.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote \
        url webdavs://example.com/public.php/webdav
  ```

  > Note that the location of the WebDAV API endpoint `/public.php/webdav` might
  > be different for your server.

  If your remote is located in a subfolder of your WebDAV server e.g.
  `/path/to/dir`, this may be appended to the general `url`:

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote \
        url webdavs://example.com/public.php/webdav/path/to/dir
  ```

- `token` - token for WebDAV server, can be empty in case of using
  `user/password` authentication.

  ```dvc

>   $ dvc remote modify --local myremote token 'mytoken'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote token '<mytoken>'
```

  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote user myuser
  ```

  The order in which DVC searches for username is:

  1. `user` parameter set with this command (found in `.dvc/config`);
  2. User defined in the URL (e.g. `webdav://user@example.com/path`)

- `password` - password for WebDAV server, can be empty in case of using `token`
  authentication.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote password mypassword
  ```

> The username, password, and token (may) contain sensitive user info.
> Therefore, it's safer to add them with the `--local` option, so they're
> written to a Git-ignored config file.

> Note that `user/password` and `token` authentication are incompatible. You
> should authenticate against yout WebDAV remote by either `user/password` or
> `token`.

- `ask_password` - ask each time for the password to use for `user/password`
  authentication. This has no effect if `password` or `token` are set.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote ask_password true
  ```

- `cert_path` - path to certificate used for WebDAV server authentication, if
  you need to use local client side certificates.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote cert_path /path/to/cert
  ```

> - `key_path` - path to private key to use to access a remote.
> 
>   ```dvc
>   $ dvc remote modify myremote key_path /path/to/key
>   ```
> 
>   > Note that the `key_path` option is only valid in combination with
>   > `cert_path` option. However, the certificate might already contain the
>   > private key.

Reviewer: Nice, thanks! Much clearer. I'll summarize it a little:
```suggestion
- `key_path` - path to private key to use to access a remote. Only has an
  effect in combination with `cert_path`.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote key_path /path/to/key
  ```

  > Note that the certificate in `cert_path` might already contain the private
  > key.
```
